== Simple Menu
A project designed to expose redundancy in web application development so that it can be refactored out through generators and partials. It's time for web development to kill the boilerplate.

== Generator Highlights
Location: lib/templates

The generators are designed to create a complete graphical representation of a model.

=== Index Page
Upon generating a model scaffold, a fully UJS integrated index page is generated. The index page contains many helpful javascript features such as AJAX crud operations and fully functional pagination.

== HTML Partial Highlights
Location: app/views/shared

I use genericized html partials to deal with common activerecord operations.

=== RUD Toolbar
The toolbar is used as a partial on every index page. It gives the user to read, update, and delete an existing model instance from a table row.

== Program Sketch
This is the program sketch I'm using to test my scaffold generators.

**RestaurantChain**
has_many locations
name:string

**Location**
belongs_to restaurant_chain
has_many location_menus -> menus
(name ||= restaurant_chain.name):string, street_address, city, state, zip, phone, email

**Menu**
has_many location_menus -> locations
has_many category_menus -> categories
name:string

**Week**
has_many food_items < categories < menus
has_many days, 0(sun) - 6(sat) where !is_special
	- validates length <= 7
has_many specials, == day where day_of_week.nil?

**Day**
belongs_to week
day_of_week:integer start:datetime end:datetime
	- start, end: use time only unless is_special?
def is_special? = (day_of_week.nil?)

**Category**
has_many category_menus -> menus
has_many category_food_items -> food_items
name:string description:text

**FoodItem**
has_many category_food_items -> categories
has_many food_item_ingredients -> ingredients
belongs_to week
name:string description:text price:decimal is_alcoholic:boolean

**Ingredient**
has_many allergy_warnings
has_many food_item_ingredients -> food_items
name:string description:string

**AllergyWarning**
belongs_to ingredient
description:text always_displayed:boolean